miss Cathcart I'm a history master to
always prep school I was sent to request
your help you are a ghost hunter as well
as an author you can't hunt what doesn't
exist we think we have one that does
we might want to ghosts to be true
doesn't mean they are these boys aren't
worried about bumps in the night they
are frightened to death
I know this place and I don't hope with
any ghostly nonsense
did any of you see this ghost boy for
yourselves I did miss it was on the
upper corridor left see shall we
magnetic field detector
those are footprint caches go South
footprints no people pretending to be
ghosts do
all right I don't think there's a place
on earth people understand loneliness
better than here something is causing
this
why did you keep your eyes closed part
you need to see ghosts on anyone I've
known
sniffing you want to watch out for John
the dad Lak of the house
we frightened you how life for you
showing your eyes hope that the terror
will go away but it doesn't go away
you